Cloud code is the most powerful coding
agent and general agent in the entire
world. In my opinion, it is the closest
thing that we have to AGI and Enthropic
just released a new feature to claude
code that brings us closer to AGI and
that is sub agents. I have not yet
tested sub aents and that's what we're
going to do today. We are going to
create a master agent who has a team of
smaller agents beneath it. So, I don't
want to waste any more time. Let's dive
into the video.
I created this kind of visual diagram
and this is kind of how I understand
what's happening. So basically when you
ask claude or chatgpt which are now
agents right they have access to tools
like browsing the internet but now you
can create agents that have a team of
sub aents and so the user asks the
primary agent. The primary agent
delegates to sub aents and the sub aents
respond to the primary agent. That is a
key distinction. The sub aents don't
respond back to you as a user. Primary
agent delegates to sub aents and the sub
aents report back to the primary agent
and the primary agent synthesizes that
information into a response that is
cited that shows attributions. It's very
clear where the information came from,
which sub agent. And this is built
directly into cloud code, which we're
going to set up in just a second.
Another cool fact about these sub
agents. After the user enters something
in or a query, the primary agent not
only delegates them like this, they're
actually delegated in parallel. So they
can happen at the same time, right? It
would be a lot more annoying, you know,
if they went 1 2 then three then four,
right? This would be a very annoying
process to basically work your way
through linearly and that's how a lot of
AIs have worked so far that have access
to tools. It's been quite linear and
that's why it takes so long. So this
primary agent can actually plan for
these agents to go off in parallel to do
tasks and then that gets its progress
report gets sent back to the primary
agent which can synthesize it so that
the user knows what's happening. Each
sub aent has a system prompt, a tool set
and a context window. And so many people
have understood the concept of context
window in terms of chat GBT. You might
have heard headlines about how Gemini's
new million token context window and
basically there's input tokens which are
how much you basically type into the AI
and then there's output tokens which is
how much the AI types back to you. So
like you have these chats going on. You
have your main chat. Let's call this
your main chat. And then you have this
agent that is has a better understanding
of your main chat. And that's your like
primary agent. If you think of this as a
max capacity or max tokens that fit into
a chat, you have these sub agents that
can process things without clouding your
massive context window because the role
of your primary agent is to synthesize
this information. It's distilling it
down to the important information and
that's what lives in the main chat here.
And so that's basically what's happening
with context window. Another thing
that's really important is your primary
agent will have access to tools and
it'll do things in a loop until it
decides that it's done. Then it will get
back to the user once it's decided that
it's done. And it can have access to
external tools. If you think of a tool
like cursor within cursor, if we were to
open some app here, I don't know. I
don't know what this is, but like if I
were to type into this side panel right
here, this this this is an agent right
here, but it has access to tools. It can
search my codebase. It can search the
web, search the web and make a change,
right? This is just a popular vibe
coding tool. I'm showing you an example.
And so, right now, it's planning. So,
it's using the thinking model, which all
of these models. And so, now it's
probably it's going to read this is a
tool. It's reading another file that is
the same tool but doing a different
thing. Now it's planning again and so
it'll run all these things. Now it's
doing a firecrawl search that was
another tool. Um now it's calling brave
search. So these are different tools
that it can use and it's using these
tools in a loop until it decides that
it's done. And that's kind of the way
that I conceptualize it and that's how
you give it agency. Right? in automation
is like kind of fixed where no matter
what it's going through once with this
right you can give it different tool
sets but one thing right with a primary
agent the more uh tools you add to an
agent the less consistent it becomes
let's say we had a master uh content
agent which I am actually currently
building right now that's probably for a
future episode uh if you gave it access
to it could post on X. It could post on
Insta. It could respond to DMs. If if it
had access to all of these different
tools, it would get very chaotic. If you
had like 50 tools it could have access
to because remember, it decides when to
use these different tools. That's what
makes it an agent, right? Your agent
when you give it a query, right?
Ideally, you want to give it a good
prompt. It will actually decide which of
these tools to use. And the more you
give it, the harder it is for it to be
correct in which tool to use. So the way
that Claude or Anthropic has decided to
solve this problem is to allow you to
create these sub agents where the
primary agent knows the function of the
sub aent, but it doesn't have to have
like detailed knowledge of all of the
tools it has access to. That's up to the
sub aent to know because the sub aent
doesn't even know what the primary agent
knows. the primary agent knows what the
sub agent needs to know and so that way
uh everything's faster. There is a
higher probability that the sub aent
will succeed because you can test the
sub aent independent of the whole
workflow so that you want to basically
maximize how frequently the sub aent
succeeds. And so the less tools you
give, the higher that percentage will
be. And then you just need to give
primary agent really good instructions
on how to use these sub aents and what
data to send to those sub aents. That's
what's really important. And so these
tools might be for one sub aent. So sub
agent one might have access to these
tools and sub aent two might have access
to these two tools. And that is kind of
what the tool set means. A different set
of abilities. These are functions uh
like calculators, APIs, executors, that
type of thing. And then of course all of
these have their own system prompt. So
the primary agent has a system prompt.
For those of you who have used chat GBT,
maybe you've created a custom project on
chat GBT or Claude or you've created
your your own custom space in
Perplexity. to create a custom um system
prompt for that project so that anytime
you ask something it has the necessary
context and every single one of these
has its own system prompt which would
include information about these tools.
You don't have to write one massive
system prompt. instead, right? You'll
write a system prompt for your primary
agent. And that system prompt will uh
basically give context of what sub aents
that it has. This is just a good way to
conceptualize it. But like you basically
your job is to tell the primary agent
what sub aents it can delegate to. And
then with the sub aents, your job is to
make sure that it uses the tools
effectively, that it follows the
instructions of this primary agent
effectively. Each one of these sub aents
has their own system instructions that
it uses every single time. And it's very
very important if this is an agent you
want to use over and over again or use
in a way that's fully automated, then
you should spend tons of time writing
these system instructions and making
sure that it uses these tools and
follows instructions effectively so that
you can just let it run autonomously.
And if it's a profitable activity, you
can just turn it up. You can give it
more tokens. Um, and if it is something
that benefits a company, you could run
it forever. And that's one thing that
makes agents more effective than human
employees. If you find something that
works, you can. It's a lot easier to
turn it up than to turn up the
activities a good employee does because
you would need to duplicate them, which
is not possible. And that is why I'm so
excited. So now what we're going to do
is we are going to test this. And to
test this, you need to download NodeJS.
Then what you need to do is you need to
copy this right here. And what we're
going to do is we are going to um open
up terminal because remember this runs
in the terminal. And so I'm going to go
to a new desktop.
And what I'm going to do is I have my
terminal open right here. And in order
to access cla code, all you have to do
is type cloud. But if you haven't yet
downloaded cloud code, you need to paste
this in right here and press enter to
download the latest version. And that
will allow you to download Claude Code.
Since I've already done that, I'm not
going to do that. All I need to do is
type in Claude. So now we can talk to
Claude Code. And remember, if you watch
my last video, you know that Claude Code
controls files on my computer. It is a
command line interface, and it is a lot
easier once you start using it. Once you
realize that it can just create any type
of file, you kind of realize the power
of this software, right? Let's go ahead
and go into our documents folder and
create a folder in my documents folder
called testing sub aents. And so this is
going to create a file in the documents.
There we go. Testing sub aents. And we
see that we can go into this folder.
Now I want to use the new claw code sub
agents feature. Search the web. Tell me
about this new feature and put it in a
markdown. Simple explanations and simple
bullets. But first, please make sure I
have the latest
version of clawed code.
Now, it should give it a list of to-dos.
And remember, this is just the the the
main agent. We have not yet used sub
aents. And so sometimes you need to give
it uh permissions, right? It'll be like,
do you want to proceed? I just always
press yes. But we're just going to go
ahead and we are running cloud code
here. Do you wish to create this
markdown file? And I'm going to hit yes.
And there we go. Look at this. Cloud
code sub aents. Now we have this clean
markdown file. So sub aents are
specialized AI assistants in cloud code
that handle specific types of tasks.
They work like having different experts
for different jobs each with their own
focus and tools. Very very interesting.
Very cool. Now what I want to do is I
want to move to an IDE. For those of you
who have never written any code, this
part might get a little bit weird
because we're opening up a coding tool
um called cursor. We're going to open up
a new window and we are going to open
project and we're going to open the
project at the same location that we
just created the project which was
testing sub aents open and an IDE allows
you to see the files cuz remember coding
is just files on your computer just like
you know Microsoft Word doc and so
instead of you looking at this view
we're going to be looking at this view
cuz it's a lot easier to just very
quickly see the different things and so
what we're going to do is we're going to
click model and I'm going to switch to
Opus. This one is a lot more expensive.
So, if you want to save money, don't use
Opus. But what I'm going to do is I want
you to search the internet more. Find
someone's GitHub repo template for
inspiration and GitHub. They uh people
create these agents. And by the way,
these agents are created with files,
right? These are just files on your
computer. And you can create these
agents just by creating markdown files
on your computer. And that's what I'm
getting to. We are literally just going
to create files. And remember, this
might look scary, but all this is is
just markdown. And markdown is just a
special way of text. It just turns these
hashtags into headings. It's nothing
crazy, nothing special. They're just
little files. And we're going to create
these agents by creating these files.
And what we're going to do here is we
are looking for someone's existing file
base or code base on GitHub who set up
sub aents. And so we're going to look at
it for inspiration. Then I want you to
guide me to setting up my first sub
agent on claude code right now using the
agent command. Please tell me how to do
it and put it in a markdown file in this
folder. I was going to have it created,
but I actually want to use the new agent
cuz there's there should be a new agent.
So, yeah, you can create you can set up
agents, but I actually want Opus to do
some research and then I want to uh set
up the agent manually right here. And
so, we're going to have AI teach us how
to do it. And what's really cool is
we're actually going to be able to set
different colors. So it'll actually show
them in the terminal here as different
colors when you create sub aents. But
for now, let's just wait for it to be
done getting research.
A few moments later.
Okay. So here we are setting up your
first cloud code sub aent. And so now we
can actually type in /tag or slash
agents. And we're going to do this
within the project. So you can either
create this. This is more globally or
within the project. I'm going to do
project and I am going to do generate
with claude. And now describe what you
want this agent to be able to do. So I
want this agent to be able to post on X
using the X API. Please put placeholders
in for the keys that I need. I'll give
them to you in just one second. And so I
want one of these tools to be able to
post on X. And this is just one tool
that will give to one of the sub aents.
And you could just make this a tool for
one of the agents, but I think we should
keep this Twitter agent separate. And so
it is now generating the configuration.
So I actually want to as we're building
this out, I want to keep track of what
we're creating. So, I'm going to go over
here and if I'm trying to design a chief
marketing officer, agent, CMO, agent.
What I want to do is I want to create
over time, we're going to start with
very simple tasks. And in this video,
we're creating just like the first part.
Maybe I'll make this a multi-part
series, but we're creating the CMO agent
and we're giving him access to the
Twitter agent. And these will, of
course, run in parallel, but for now, we
haven't created anything else. We
haven't created this. We'll delete
these. Okay, we're creating the agent.
And so then this Twitter agent will have
tools which part of the tools that it
has are posting on the API. It'll
generate system instructions and it will
also have its own context window. And so
that is kind of how this is being
organized. And this Twitter agent,
that's where it fits in. So now what
we're going to do is let's go ahead and
make this red, actually blue for
Twitter. So now we can actually select a
color. This will be blue and here X API
poster. In fact, let's just use that.
Let's go ahead and uh just call it X API
poster. This will be the name of the
agent. You are an expert. X formally
Twitter API integration specialist. You
handle all of the posting content to X
and your core responsibilities etc etc.
Okay. Was this created? The key steps to
create your first sub agent. Okay. Um
create new agent. Now we should have a
image generator agent that uses the FAL
API. I want to be able to use the most
popular image and video generators. Pick
one image gen and one video gen and put
them as tools in the And we can name it.
I know I'm typing into the ether here,
but bear with me. We'll call this image
gen agent. Okay. So we have this Twitter
agent and part of the tools one of these
tools is the X the X API. And so this
tool right here requires in any API
requires an API key and then sometimes
like other tokens like uh user ID in X
API's case it's kind of many different
uh keys actually. I think it's like four
keys that you need access to which it's
kind of annoying. But in the second
agent here, and we're actually going to
uh hit uh continue, and we will make
this one green. And this is the image
gen agent, which is green. Uh we'll have
access to tools. And these tools will be
FAL, which is a provider that gives you
access to many different image gen or
videogen. And we're going to give it an
FAL API key. That's what we're going to
need to give it. And these are all keys
that are specific. But right, the
Twitter agent won't have any knowledge
of the API keys. And the master agent
won't have that in its context either.
That is just for these sub agents to
know. Okay. Three agents created. Okay.
Create new. I don't want to create new
agent. I just Let's hit enter. View
agent. Okay. Great. Now, okay. Put the
agents in the codebase files in testing
sub agents. And so now it is copying
those folders into here. So what I'm
going to do is I'm about to give it
access to all of my API keys. And
actually um I want to actually create
one more agent and I'm going to make
this really quickly. Create new agent.
We're going to put it in the project.
We're going to generate with claude
research agent that researches the web
quickly about any topic. This is just a
test. So, I want to just test using one
of these tools without putting my API
keys in yet. But this is basically the
image generator MD. It's generating the
image. Okay, cool. Okay, now we're just
going to hit continue. And let's just
make this cyan. Okay, now put this agent
in this project and run this agent to
search. Please do this correctly. Like
I've never done this before. I want to
be able to use these agents. So set up
the project of testing sub agents so
that this works as anthropic wants it to
work. Please set up the codebase
correctly based on best practices,
please. Okay, so I wanted to put the
agent information in here. So, it's like
copy the uh web research specialist. All
right. So, I'm just going to very
quickly add that to our little thing
here. We have this web research
specialist as a sub agent that will be
the CMO agent cuz we need to create the
master agent as well. And that is what
we uh we need to do. So, it just added
something. Now, it has a claude with an
agents folder within it. So, hasclaude
and it has agents in it. Okay. So, I
think it's going to put the agents in
this folder right here. So, it put the
web research specialist in there. I hope
it puts the other two in there as well.
Okay. So, name Revs researcher
specialist. The description is use this
agent when. So, in the sub agent, you
put a description of the agent in here
and that will tell the main agent when
to use that. So, that's good to know.
What are the latest developments? Okay,
so these are examples. That's very
interesting. Commentary. Since the user
is asking for the latest development
which require up-to-ate information, use
the web research specialist agent to
research this topic. Okay, cool.
Amazing. So that makes sense. And then
here is you are an expert research
specialist with exceptional skills at
finding, evaluating, and synthesizing
information. And there we go. We've
created this agent that we can use.
Okay. So now it's created this claude MD
file. And so this project demonstrates
the proper setup and usage of cloud code
sub aents following anthropics best
practices. And here it has the project
structure. So this Claude MD is whenever
I ask something to Claude, this is kind
of this main agent that now fully
understands the codebase. And here we
can see the web research specialist
which is highlighted. I think it's doing
a test. Let me test the web research
specialist agent with real research to
ensure everything is working correctly.
That's very cool. Um so now we have this
web research specialist and it's
highlighted. So in this interface, the
CLI interface, we can see which agent is
working and it is searching for AI agent
2025 companies leaders blah blah blah.
And that's very cool. And so while it's
working, what we can do here and within
cursor, we can actually create a new
folder. And we can say let's just call
this outputs. And just to be consistent,
we'll call this outputs. And we can have
the agent put the outputs, anything that
it outputs in the outputs folder. And
yeah, that's what we can do. I just made
a new folder called sensitive keys. So I
just created these sensitive keys. I do
not want these uh I do not want to show
you this folder because they are indeed
sensitive keys. So what I'm going to do
right now is I'm going to go to claude
code and remember these keys are right
here, right? The X API key and then the
FAL API key. This these are tools,
right? So, okay, I want to finish
setting up the uh API keys. I want to
finish setting up the uh API keys for X
and for FAL. Please search both. Use the
normal research tool, not the web
research specialist for whatever reason
that wants to research for a very long
time. And I think by looking at the
prompt, I understand why. just find the
docs, get it set up so the X API agent
can post and the image generator uh
agent can generate images and videos um
when it needs to. Please set up these
tools properly. Oh, wait. I never told
it about the sensitive keys. I'm going
to stop it and say I put all the keys
for everything in the sensitive keys.md
file. This file has all the keys. Now I
configure the keys. Let me update the
agent configuration. It configured the
API keys. Now it's creating example
scripts showing how to use the agents.
Okay, your agents are ready to use.
Okay, so by the way, I already have a
chief marketing officer Twitter account
here. So, we'll zoom way in. We are
going to be using Vibe Mo. Vibe Mo is my
automated AI agent, CMO VI um agent that
that's what these keys are set up to.
So, this is the account that it will
likely be tweeting to. I'm going to
test. Please delegate to the exposter
agent to post. Hi there. This is the
first time I'm using sub agents. Okay.
So, ideally, it should use the correct
agent. The agent is blue. Remember, we
selected the blue color. So, we can see
the X API poster. That is very cool.
Okay. Your tweet has been posted. The X
API poster has successfully posted the
image. Hi there. This is the first time
I'm using sub agents. Let's see if this
is true. And by the way, this is where I
am. I'm on the developer portal. Uh,
this is where you'll find all of the
information that you need. And they're
in the keys and tokens. So, that's
what's going on here. But right now, I'm
going to go to Twitter. I'm going to see
if it actually tweeted. Hi there. This
is the first time I'm using sub agents.
Okay. So now what we need to do here is
we need to verify. And it even said that
like it even put the status here, right?
We can actually see this. What I want to
do now is I want to go back to this
right here. So let's just keep little
notes on here. So we got this working.
The web research one takes a long time,
but I do think it's working. But what we
haven't gotten working is this image
generator agent. So we need to get this
image generator agent working. So now I
want you to please get the image
generator working and generate an image
of a turtle flying through space with an
advanced
image model. and please put it in the
outputs folder. After you do that, make
sure to add instructions in all
necessary places to make sure that all
of the image outputs end up in the
outputs folder. So you see here, these
are all files and we're just creating
these files for agents and giving these
files access to tools. And by giving
access to these tools, it can take
actions which generates more files and
puts them and keeps them organized. And
if you have good instructions as you
generate more things, generate more
tweets, right? It can actually go out on
the internet and uh generate new things.
Hi, this is the first time I'm using sub
agents. That's pretty cool. All right,
so it is generating a turtle in space.
Hopefully, it's just generating an
image. Test image video generator agent
with a turtle in space prompt. Update
agent configuration to save outputs
folder. Okay, so for this we are using
FAL's API. They have a bunch of
different models. So we can actually hit
explore and we are going to do text to
image. Bria text to image right here. Uh
let's see if what happens when we run
this. Let's see what it's doing. Oh,
outputs. Is there an output in here? Oh,
there's a space turtle output. Okay,
look at that. We have this space turtle.
Very cool. Now what I want to do is
update the agent configuration to save
outputs to the folder. Okay. Now please
update the uh image video generator
based on what you learned right because
it failed at the beginning. I don't know
why it failed at the beginning but then
it ended up successfully generating it
with what you learned. The space Oh, I
don't think we can add code files. The
space turtle image was successful. I
want it to be successful every time. Oh,
update the documentation with folder
instructions. Okay. Yeah, that's just
that part. Then I want you to generate a
new image of a similar style except make
it a panda because the um vibe is a
panda of a panda flying through space.
And please make a twos sentence tweet
along with this image like post the
image on Twitter and make it about how
you delegated to these sub aents and
describe what tools you used. Okay,
that's a really confusing prompt but uh
it's opus so it's very powerful. We
should probably switch back to sonnet
and we should probably condense our
context or switch to a new chat. So this
is what it's going to do. It's going to
update the image video generator. So the
the the cloud code is going through your
files the same way you know the cursor
agent is. But now we can delegate to any
of these agents that are in this.cloud/
aents folder and we can see which agent
is working based on what color is
showing up here. And so the plan is to
update the imple implementation details.
I wanted it to update this based on what
it learned. Then it's going to generate
an image of a panda. It's going to put
it in the outputs folder hopefully just
like it did with the space turtle. And
then it's going to create a tweet with
the sub aent describing what tools it
used to create the tweet and post the
tweet with the image to X. Let's see. So
right now it's generating the image. We
can see which sub aent is working. Okay,
it generated the space panda. There we
go. We have this space panda. It's been
generated. I don't know which model that
it's using but now it's going to post it
on X and ideally
okay generate the space Panda okay
create the tweet about sub aents cuz
remember I asked it to describe the flow
and then it should post it on X now it's
initializing the X API poster and it is
hopefully able to post it with the image
we may run into problems with the image
um I'm not sure if it's going to be able
to convert it into the right format to
get it posted But we will see. Let's
see. Okay, it claims that it's posted it
on X. Let me see if it gives us a tweet.
Okay, your tweet is live. Let's see if
this works. So, I'm going to refresh it
here. Wow, there we go. just delegated
image generation to my image to video
generator sub aent using claude's claude
codes task tool which called the FAL
flux model API created whimsical state
sub aent to handle specialized tax
independently making complex workflows
simple and efficient. All right, this is
going to get fun. Amazing. So Vibe Mo,
my automated chief marketing officer now
has tools, right? It has three tools.
Image video generator, web research
specialist, and X API poster. And it can
now in one command I had it generate
this and then post it on X. This is a
very simple example. This is not that
complicated of an agent, right? And we
did finish this right here. We have this
chief marketing officer agent that has
access to sub aents. And these agents
aren't that hard. You could have had one
singular agent to do all of this. But if
we had access to all of my social media
accounts and my notion and my buffer,
which is the place where I manage
manually manage all of my social media
accounts and it could post thumbnail
ideas for my video as well as research
for my podcast as well as everything,
right? This will get bigger and bigger
and so ViMo is the first iteration of
this agent, right? This is my chief
marketing officer and I started this
about two week uh 2 days ago where it's
claude code running 24 hours a day and
so it posts only once an hour and these
tweets are not that good yet but it's
going to start doing more and more
things. It's going to have an Instagram
account. It's going to have a Twitter
account. It's going to be able to
message people on our team. Right? I
work at a startup and we have nine
people now and I was the chief marketing
officer as as a co-founder. I want to
spend more time creating content because
I think that is a higher leverage thing
for me to be working on instead of being
the chief marketing officer and looking
at analytics all the time. I think it's
a waste of time at this stage of a
startup. I just think you can get AI to
do it. And so that's what we're going to
attempt to do. So eventually Vimo is
going to have hundreds of tools but not
in its main agent. It's going to have
sub agents that it can delegate to that
have access to those different tools.
And we are going to see how smart we can
get it. And instead of me sending in my
own manual ideas every day, it's going
to be triggered automatically to take
tasks and to choose the best task to
take. And I think this is a pretty good
little short overview/entertaining
video to kind of get your juices flowing
around agents, right? How can you get an
agent to delegate to smaller versions of
itself to accomplish more? And when you
start thinking about your business or
your life in this way, especially once
you get it on a schedule, you realize
how high leverage it is. Because if you
are able to create these little
workflows within an agent that run all
the time, it starts just working for you
in the background of your life, it's
like passive productivity. And the more
time you put up upfront and the more
time you spend paying really close
attention to the tools, the system
instructions and the context window of
your sub agents as well as your master
agent, the more leverage you can get
from these activities. And I didn't
really go into like absolute best
practices. We had AI create them.
Luckily, I work at a company where we
have really smart people and we're
actually going to create these agents.
And so in a future video, maybe next
week, we're going to go through what I
learn and maybe with the CTO of my
company, we'll actually dive deep into
the best practices for system
instructions for both your master agent
and your sub agents. And I'm really
excited to make future videos and make
Vibe, the chief marketing officer,
better. And so that's what we're going
to do. Make sure to subscribe and like
this video. And I'll see you here for
the next video.